I think what you said is dead on that. You gotta go straight.
He's gotta go straight African American cuz white people are just not, Hey,
and we're live this.
This is what I think we need to recognize the return of Dr. Cosby and uh,
send a shout out to him and all the folks in the barberhop. No, I can.
<Laugh> I'm triggered. I'm triggered. You.
Were saying, uh, before the show,
like what do you do if you're at a comedy club and bill Cosby walks.
Cause apparently bill Cosby's doing stand up again and like, what do you do?
Why isn't he in jail? <laugh> I'm not even trying, like,
I'm not trying to be funny. Why is.
This guy in jail? Well, because the first first trial was,
was it a mistrial? Yeah, they can't do that. It was a mistrial. Um,
they couldn't agree, which is hilarious. Like, I mean,
how many people have to say that guy drug me and raped me? How many people like,
is there some sort of, could you imagine there's like 80 people yeah.
That are telling the same story yeah.
Of you drugging them and raping them and people like,
so.
And look, and here's what I'll say, like make this sucker up to your, you know,
I'm sorry. That's right. I just,
I don't want anything black and a crazy near me right now.
We're talking about bill Cosby. This is this too soon for this.
I guess I just, you know,
and it's interesting that this happened after this weekend was the women's
March.
And I know like a lot of people wanna roll their eyes and I was getting a lot of
on Instagram for like the women's March you guys have to is exactly the kind of
thing that I'm terrified of is that this guy is now not in jail.
And he's just like back to doing standup. Yeah.
Because I don't know if we got desensitized or if we just forgot about him or we
just got sick of talking about it. Like how, I just don't understand how people.
In that he's not coming. I, I think he's, first of all,
he has an enormous ego and he's a psychopath. Correct. And I think that he is,
he's just,
he has enough fans and enough people in his community still love him
where he can go places in small places and they accept him. And then he's, he's,
he's advertising it. And what is it on.
Twitter page that people that accept him with this?
Is it people who have their own skeletons in the closet and they see him coming
back is like they get redemption in some way or maybe it makes them not be
inencouragable people or is it like a herd mentality or is it just star like,
how do you rationalize that in your head? A little bit of.
Star okay. Little bit of dumb people. The fact.
That he's famous eclipse is the fact that he's a psychopathic.
Right. But then there's also,
do you remember how it was right after OJ got innocent?
There was a guy and I don't wanna say his name. Cause I respect him.
He's a comic and he went on stage. He saidkertop, he said, no, he's a black guy.
He goes, my blackness will not allow me to think that OJ did it. And I,
I was interesting. Yeah. I was like, what did I,
what yeah, the that I just hear. Yeah. Like that is insane. Like, okay,
all black people are innocent.
What is a black person comes in and kills your family?
Will your blackness exonerate that person? Yeah. Like how,
how are you gonna handle it then? And I don't know.
What the demo, I mean, were, do you know who was in that job?
Was it all black people? I don't know anything about, I don't know. I,
I can't read it. Like, I'm just, I'm sick to my stomach. You you're gonna be.
Okay. No, I don't know if it's a, I don't know if it's a black, white,
when rape, rape, rape.
It culture on stage performing.
And there's not like a complete Malee of disapproval.
That's really scary to me. <affirmative> it is.
Scary. It's scary. But I think that, uh,
there's a certain amount of people that get overwhelmed by celebrity mm-hmm
<affirmative> that he shows up. Like, I can't believe he's here.
They don't wanna say well, like if Charles.
Manson goes up at a jazz club, it's like, he's a celebrity,
but he's also a Charles.
Manson's probably less of a monster. Here's why I'll throw this at you.
He never killed anybody.
Charles Manson actually told people to kill people and they did mm-hmm
<affirmative> and it's terrible that they did it.
Like Tex Watson did all the crimes. And um, uh, what was her name? Squeaky from?
She was the one who tried to kill Gerald Ford.
They they're the one who did the crimes. Yeah. He was just this crazy.
Who talked these people into these.
Things. He was kind of the puppet master. Yeah.
But that's what scares me kind of be raped. Who knew knows how many women and.
Allegedly it's also. Yeah, allegedly it's also, um, it just,
it scares me and shakes me to my core. You know,
not that a psychopath does psychopathic things,
but the people who permit it and who are permissive. Yeah. And are okay with it.
And don't resist,
like the fact that a bunch of people in that club are just like, okay,
we're good. Okay.
We're okay.
But we don't really know what we just know that he was there and we know that
he's gonna do another show.
And then he announced that he was gonna do some show at a jazz club.
It's like today I think, is it today? Or tomorrow'm looking right.
And is this jazz club? I mean, I don'tunno, who owns it?
I don't know enough about it probably today. I dunno.
And I'm like frozen with disgust. It's like,
that's the other thing is like it's.
Yesterday. Yeah. Oh, so it's already over. Yeah.
As promised he performed at a jazz club today, but this article was yesterday.
Wow.
As aspromised like, oh, he's a man of his word. He might be a rapist,
but he does not lie.
And he was wearing that hello friend sweater that he always wears what a
nightmare. And he's got that, um, Bobby Brown thing on.
I don't know what that is. The microphone I'm trigger. I'm upset.
I'm upset the microphone head piece thing. And I mean, I don't.
Know. It's just so tricky because it's like,
I was getting all these nasty comments on Instagram this.
Weekend. Like, but why are you getting nasty comments for what? Well,
I think with.
What's going on, right.
Why, why are they because of.
The, I was posting photos from the woman's March,
which was the March was about a lot of things.
And I think just in the last month or so there's been a little bit of eye roll
of like, oh, this is still going on. You know, like there's a lot of,
I think guys and women also who are a little bit exhausted or I had one guy
I talked to a couple weeks ago, a friend of mine who was like,
I'm done with this. <laugh> like, what do you mean you're done with this? Like,
um, we are done with a, uh, sexual predators being, um,
getting in trouble and getting fired and getting cleansed from our society and,
um, possibly, you know, stopping from, um, assaulting people in the future.
And they were just like, oh, just, I feel like this has gotten ridiculous.
You know, there's,
I think a lot of people think it's like a hysteria or it's like women being
dramatic, um, or something like that.
And then something like this happens and I'm like, oh,
are we not being dramatic enough?
Cuz this is crazy that he's just going on stage and performing like as if
everything's just kind of fine again. Well.
I think he's a bad example cause I think he's nuts and I don't think it makes
any sense that he's out. I.
Think anyone who rapes this 20 people is not, I think all these people are nuts,
I think were more nuts for just being like, okay,
I guess he's doing comedy again.
I don't think we are. I think most people like what in the are outrage script.
Yeah. I sent it to Tom Segora and that was his,
his immediate reaction was like what he gave like a bunch of years,
I guess I'm thinking.
About the people who were in that jazz club and the guy that owns that jazz as
club. you guys.
Um, yeah, we don't know. I mean, we don't know who these people are.
Here's thing. What.
If I'm in a comedy club and bill Cosby gets on stage. Yeah. I'm like,
I gotta hear what the this has to say. Yeah. Like that's what I'm thinking.
I'm not being like awesome bill Cosby's here.
So maybe I should give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that they think
they're seeing some kind of circus.
Show. Well, I don't think I would say anything. I don't think, I mean,
I don't think it helps. Like I don't think I would yell out. You're a rapist.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't think I would do that,
but I definitely think I would sit there and watch and like study him like
some weird creature. Yeah. Which is what he is.
He's A's an aberration in, in humanity. Like uh, well, first of all,
he's an aberration in a couple ways. Right? Right.
He's an outlier in terms of the, the, the pop,
the popularity he reached mm-hmm <affirmative> he reached this insane level of
popularity and he did it in the sixties and the seventies when the world was a
different place. Right. And I really we've talked about this a bunch of times,
this podcast, I think a lot of people drug people back then,
I think it was normal. I think that dropping a Mickey and someone's drinks.
I mean, he, it was.
Maybe not normal.
<Laugh> yeah. That's, that's a better way to put it. Yeah.
I think a lot of people did it. Yeah. And I think a lot of people,
people still do it. Yeah. Well,
but I think a lot of famous people did it back then. Yeah.
I think they were giving out pills and I don't think,
I think culturally we've evolved way more than we
are aware of. Think.
We think of ourselves as being very similar to people from the 1960s.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't think we are interesting. I think,
I think we're way. I think if you go from like 18,
10 to 1870 mm-hmm <affirmative> I bet people are pretty similar. Interesting.
Yes.
Okay. Good point. Yeah.
I think technology is moving so fast and adapting to that and the fact that we
have alarm systems, it.
Right guys, 1960 to 2018, mm-hmm <affirmative> way different. Yeah.
way different. What's acceptable. How people think of things. What we've,
what just that's how people,
I think one of the things that's happening and one of the reasons why guys are
eye rolling about the women's March is, is that it's a new thing. And this is,
is overwhelming amount of energy. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
that's headed towards this thing. And, but what it represents is years,
decades of frustration,
women that had to work with guys that were grabbing their that's right.
And trying to them. And that's.
Right. And all hard, the pendulum SW hard, it's like it's snapped fast. And,
and there's also,
we always talk about this and I'm obsessed with the epigenetic imprinting. Yeah.
It's not just us. It's our moms and our grandmothers. Yeah.
Who this happened to and we carry that pain and that yeah. Suffering.
With us. Well, I think there's a lot of guys that say, Hey,
I didn't do anything. I shouldn't have to feel this,
but this is the thing these guys saying, like, I'm done with this.
You're not even a part of this. Yeah. Like, how are you done with this? This,
you don't.
Have to go there. Why is so how is this inconveiencing you? So like,
I don't understand how well, if you'd.
Stuck in traffic. Well.
I get, yes. Women's traffic<laugh> that's, that's it? I mean,
that's exactly right. So it's like a couple, I mean, you're in LA,
you're always sitting in women's March traffic, but I feel that way about the,
it was.
Marathon, the marathon.
I playely the gay pride parade and the whatever. So it's like,
I'm so sorry are gonna have to like sit in traffic for an extra 20 minutes.
Yeah. But like, you know, get your Amazon drone.
Why are you driving on a Saturday? Anyway, I.
Get it. I mean, it makes sense if I, I just,
I guess a woman who worked in an office, I'd hate it. I.
Guess I just don't understand why this is such a hassle for men.
I don't understand why it's such an, unless you were raping people,
assaulting people, um, hurting people, nothing's being taken away from you.
Right.
And I feel like a lot of men think something's being taken away from them and I
don't know what that is. Yeah. You know, and I'm just a little bit confused. Um,
if it's unfollow me, I don't know unfollow.
If it's blowing up your Twitter feed and your Instagram, I just, I,
I can't wrap my head around why this is such an inconvenience for guys.
I Don' think. And whats.
Threatening about it. I, I don't think it's that many guys that are saying this.
Okay. Most men I think are, are recognizing like that.
If you look at the stories,
like the Harvey Weinstein one is the worst and most egregious example. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>, I mean, he's a guy that did it for decades.
They even enable him. Cos he's pretty bad too. Yeah.
Well Cosby's worse because Cosby was like,
Harvey Weinstein was an obvious predator, right. It's like, Hey, don't,
don't go in the chicken coop with the Wolf. And here's something.
Interesting. I was also getting about this, about, um, a lot of people are like,
well, if you knew about Harvey, why didn't you say something? And it's just,
it's such a Testament to how, um.
Who said, someone said that.
To you. Yeah. Like I just got some comments or like, well you knew about Harvey.
Why didn't you say something, you know,
when you knew about it 10 years ago or whatever, what did you know? But I,
I had heard like, oh, he like sleeps with actresses and he like,
makes them them. But I wasn't really in that world. So I knew about it,
but what was I gonna call up the New York times and be like, Hey,
I was on comedy central for 10 minutes. So I have a idea. Right. You know,
like who was gonna, you know, and it's also,
it's like the kind of thing where we didn't even know what we were allowed to
say. And we didn't even know that there was a possibility for change Uh-hmm
<affirmative> or that there was a possibility that anything would be done about
it. Right. Like that's how, um, ingrained in our psyche.
It was and how we just didn't know there was anything.
We just thought that's how it was. Well, first.
Of all, you didn't know him, you didn't work under him. So, uh.
He did come to the comedy store once. Oh, I think you were gone.
And this isn't like my Harvey Weinstein story.
Like it's not close to how awful most of the women's stories are, but it is,
I think more like, kind of funny. He came to the comedy store and uh, I got,
I went on stage in the main room and then I left and then Tommy called me and he
was like, oh, tar Harvey Weinstein came here to see you. Um, he's here.
You need to come back and talk to him. And I was like,
I was like already at the improv or already like whatever. And I was like, I,
I don't wanna go. And then the only reason I did not go back at first,
I was like, him for just like summoning me to come back.
<laugh> I'm making $22 is the come comedy store. Like I don't, you know, and,
uh, it already took me 40 minutes to get outta the comedy store parking lot.
I can't go back in there. And uh,
I remember literally just being like the lighting in there is bad.
I don't want him to see me. <laugh> the lighting is bad.
Like the lighting on stage is great.
Like he saw me at my best and I really don't wanna go back and like talk to him.
I don't like, know how to do small talk with the producers. I'm not, you know,
me, I'm like a neurotic mess. Like I'm not good at like charming and whatever.
Um.
But yeah, that is such a crazy way to think of things insane. Insane.
The lighting in there was perfect. Yeah.
I it's gonna be everything got that's a disaster.
I gotta go. Like, he saw me in my best. Like, let me just get the outta here.
But like, I, I didn't know how bad it was. I, you know,
it's like the kind of thing that it's like,
we didn't know what we didn't know touch you. You feel a little.
Guilty though. Like what you're saying,
what I'm getting is that you've people saying that to you, you feel like, oh,
of course I didn't do it. I didn't do. I'm not, I'm not totally.
I think that there's a lot of women that kind of have done nothing wrong,
but were're consumed with guilt and shame, like should men too. Yeah. But I, I,
I'm so glad to hear you say that, cuz I'm just not hearing out of that.
I'm not hearing a lot of empathy and maybe I'm just like zoning in on negative
comments or I've.
Never had a female employee and I never worked in an office,
but even though you hear all this sexual harassment and, and you go,
did I do anything? Yeah. You gotta, you gotta check.
It seems like everybody did something, but it's like, but.
We were the same way. It's like, I mean,
I remember working on a talk show and everyone's like, oh, we'll do,
is that count? That's not as bad as rape. Right. Like getting granular about it.
Right. Like I remember I worked on a, um,
a talk show late night talk show and a guy came up to me, um,
in front of like a couple of the writers and he took his hand and like put it
between my butt cheeks and just went like swiped. And he was like,
its like a credit card machine.
And like everybody started laughing and of course I started laughing cuz I
didn't, I, I froze and I was embarrassed. Was he your friend? No,
he was like my coworker. Mm. Like, you know? Okay.
And it was just kind of a Dick comedy writer and I was like, what do I do?
What am I gonna do? I mean, at the time I had no concept that it was offensive.
I was emotionally so no and unconscious in my twenties,
like I didn't even think to do anything about it,
but looking back I'm like that was up.
But what was I gonna all human resources and say that it just,
there's all these little tiny things that aren't enough to be assault,
but are too much to be appropriate. And it's just like a gray area.